Final Project Proposal:

I decided to write a paper because I was very inspired by the conversations we had in class and found that there are so many things that we only briefly mentoned but there could be so much more said about them. When I did my presentation on robots in military, there were many issues and concerns surrounnding ethics that I couldnt dig deeper into because of the limits on the amound of content you can have in a presentation, but I would like to dig deeper into these topics and take a more detailed look at some of the questions and concerns. I would also like to expand on some of the topics mentioned in class and research some of the concerns surrounding the ethical and legal aspects of robotics. 

UPDATE - Second Idea:

During class today, I was very curious about something the robot Sophia said in an interview that was shown in today's presentation. She said that she liked the TV show Westword and I found it really disturbing because Westrword is a show that addresses questions of ethics and conciousness, but in it the robots rebel against humans because they think that they are as concious as us and deserve as much as us. Sophia said that she (okay, but why am I calling her she? Probably because using "it" is weird, but I wonder what that says) thinks that this is a good example of how humans should not treat robots? Is that a threat for us to not make robots serve our needs? What are the implications of such a statement coming from a real life AI? Since the show touches upon a lot of the topics we have covered in class (such as programming laws into robots), I think it might be interesting to write an analytical paper on it.
